Add support for PR comments for AzDO-hosted git repos (#113)
pulumi/pulumi-az-pipelines-task: overview.md

> The Pulumi Access Token is a sensitive value. Click on the padlock icon to mark it as a secret when you save it in your Pipeline variables or variable group.

> ### Pulumi summary log as PR comments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Logs Output as PR Comments
```

The Pulumi task supports adding PR comments containing the log output from the Pulumi command that was executed in your build pipeline.

> Your project's build service user will need additional permissions to perform that action. Follow these steps to grant the build service user the `Contribute to pull requests` permission:

Reviewer: Oh, is it the case that users who don't enable PR comments won't require additional permissions? If that's the case, strike my above comment, we can release this as a minor version.

Author: Yeah that's right. However, there's a caveat. I've added a screenshot of the experience in the PR description. Basically, the extension needs to declare the required scopes in its manifest, as well as the user needs to grant explicit permissions. In other words, simply doing one of those two things is not enough.

I also think that a minor version should suffice. However, note that due to the change in the scope in the extension manifest file users will need to review and approve the permissions. Until they do that build agents will continue using the previously approved version of the task. So in essence, it won't auto-update until the scope change is approved. This is related to the screenshot I mentioned above.

Reviewer: Oh, that makes a lot of sense. Thank you for the explanation. Sounds great, a minor version works well :)

Author: Once this PR is merged. I think we should run the "package" build with the [version override variable](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-az-pipelines-task/blob/master/package.azure-pipelines.yml#L38) set. That'll produce a package with the desired version rather than reading the current version from the marketplace and bumping the patch version. The pipelines in this repo are set to automatically bump patch versions as those are more common.

> The Pulumi Access Token is a sensitive value. Click on the padlock icon to mark it as a secret when you save it in your Pipeline variables or variable group.

### Pulumi summary log as PR comments

> The Pulumi task supports adding PR comments with the log output from the Pulumi command that was executed in your build pipeline.
> In order to add comments to PRs created in Azure Repositories, you'll need to grant the project build service account permissions
> to do so. Follow these steps to do that:

Author: ```suggestion
The Pulumi task supports adding PR comments containing the log output from the Pulumi command that was executed in your build pipeline.
Your project's build service user will need additional permissions to perform that action. Follow these steps to grant the build service user the `Contribute to pull requests` permission:
```

    command: preview
    stack: $(StackName)
```

### `Error: TF401027: You need the Git 'PullRequestContribute' permission to perform this action.`

> 

Author: This troubleshooting error is related to this new feature. Users who do not grant the required permission to the build service's user will see this error in their pipeline if they try to use the PR comment feature without it.

Reviewer: Brilliant!
